essentials/features.mdx, before:

---
title: "Features"
description: "Powerful AI-driven knowledge management and search capabilities"
---

## Knowledge Management

Transform your content into searchable, intelligent knowledge bases.

### Knowledge Items

Knowledge items are containers that organize your content. You can upload multiple files of different types to a single knowledge item:

- **Documents**: PDFs, Word files, and other document formats
- **Images**: PNG, JPG, and other image formats
- **Videos**: MP4, MOV, and other video formats
- **Audio**: MP3, WAV, and other audio formats


## AI Chat

Interact with powerful AI models in flexible ways

### Plain Chat

Chat directly with different AI models for:
- General questions and assistance
- Brainstorming and ideation
- Technical problem-solving

### Knowledge-Enhanced Chat

Add one or more knowledge bases to your chat for:
- Context-aware responses based on your documents
- Information retrieval from your specific content
- Domain-specific answers grounded in your data

Choose the AI model that best fits your needs and optionally connect it to your knowledge bases for more informed, relevant responses.

Commit message:

Update file upload documentation and enhance features section
- Renamed "Common MIME Types" to "Supported MIME Types" for clarity.
- Updated supported MIME types to include new formats for text, images, videos, and audio.
- Added a note in the features section about file uploads in chat, including processing limitations for large files.

Signed-off-by: Georgi Viilik <203878140+GeorgiViilik@users.noreply.github.com>

essentials/features.mdx, after:

---
title: "Features"
description: "Powerful AI-driven knowledge management and search capabilities"
---

## Knowledge Management

Transform your content into searchable, intelligent knowledge bases.

### Knowledge Items

Knowledge items are containers that organize your content. You can upload multiple files of different types to a single knowledge item:

- **Documents**: PDFs, Word files, and other document formats
- **Images**: PNG, JPG, and other image formats
- **Videos**: MP4, MOV, and other video formats
- **Audio**: MP3, WAV, and other audio formats


## AI Chat

Interact with powerful AI models in flexible ways

### Plain Chat

Chat directly with different AI models for:
- General questions and assistance
- Brainstorming and ideation
- Technical problem-solving

You can also upload files directly into plain chat to add them to the conversation context, allowing the AI to reference and analyze them without creating a knowledge item.

<Note>
Files uploaded directly to chat are not processed for optimized search, so it's not recommended to upload very large files. For large files or multiple documents, create a knowledge item instead.
</Note>

### Knowledge-Enhanced Chat

Add one or more knowledge bases to your chat for:
- Context-aware responses based on your documents
- Information retrieval from your specific content
- Domain-specific answers grounded in your data

Choose the AI model that best fits your needs and optionally connect it to your knowledge bases for more informed, relevant responses.
